Minor fixes and improvements (#143)
yiisoft/html: CHANGELOG.md

  rename `replaceIndividualInputAttributes()` to `individualInputAttributes()` and `replaceRadioAttributes()` 
  to `radioAttributes()` (@vjik)
- Enh #142: Make `NoEncodeStringableInterface` extend from `Stringable` interface (@vjik)

> - Bug #143: Fix typo in exception message that throws on invalid buttons data in `ButtonGroup` widget (@vjik)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #143: Fix a typo in the message of exception that thrown on invalid buttons' data in `ButtonGroup` widget (@vjik)
```
